his teammate Nelson Piquet this front
group of six cause it definitely pulling
away those six are sent up Mansell
burger betrays across the Schumacher
year on board mr. Schumacher now through
of course the shoe market God a Benetton
certainly has it shared as well as
any stage of the proceedings hardly
I think one of the first change the
other try and make next year is goes
back to Goodyear shoe market just to me
the chicanes doing that I see you can
see this double she came this is the
fitness it
everywhere you cannot fish
ensuring straight
the only place vegan better hang on to
people and maybe past and at the end of
that straight liking to this she came
for
we have already told you the story of
Schumacher's jumped in the Georgia team
to the Benetton team it has been a
subject of some controversy this weekend
the overall sanctioning body the FIA sa
says they will get involved to look into
the aspects of this team switch that we
decided to ask the Formula One drivers
what they thought about here's some of
their responses
I think unsettles formula 1 and doesn't
get doesn't give the drivers reputation
any good so I think it's something that
we could do without but you know in this
game doesn't matter you got to win
things some people have embarrassed
themselves in the decisions I don't know
who and I can't really say who is
embarrassed himself more than the other
one but it's a it's what they've done
there is ability to cook when you sign a
contract maybe should be deposited
somewhere
and everybody should know that you up
sign the concert
so if you have obligation towards the
team the team should have to finish
towards you I think it doesn't bring a
lot of good to the image of women
awareness
you